Now. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, good morning, good afternoon. We are alive. Colors, yum and YouTube. So just a hello, everyone. Welcome to our Imagine or Finance panel with Botstein, supported by Stellar Visa. I am Roberto Dulce and I will be moderating today's session. Sharing the stage with me are some friends and experts from the world of INTEC and Botstein who were going to introduce themselves a little bit in
The videos. My friends, please introduce yourselves in order, your names and your companies. That's how they will be in the presentation and when it's your slide, talk a little bit about your role, your company and, above all, how you ended up working with fintech and blogging, to give a little context for our friends on the call. So I'll start with myself to give an example. My name is Roberto. Here in Canada, in the US, they call me Road. In Brazil, they call me Vetó, but well, I think Roberto is fine. For today. I am the Director of Volume Business at the Stellar Foundation and, very simply for those who are not familiar with this law. We are one of the first boxing networks that was developed specifically
For payments and international payments and the functionalities and operations from the zone. If you're the news and, with my way of hallucinating, and the one with the bag, well, we had a little more music for us, always. Well, but return to the Stellar presentation. So a brush for payments. Our focus is on this volcano. It's the organization of financial assets and international remittances, plus pending civil matters and if, digital currencies for central banks and just an idea, we enable international payments 24 7 the speed is about five seconds, never more than that, and the cost is a fraction of a cent. So a very, very efficient network
For payments. Regarding this, I started my professional career as a programmer at Citibank in England and today we have one of the people here who started his professional life with me, Marcelo. He's in the audience today and after that, about 15 years ago, in multiple banks in the area of digital product projects- Silver, Rabobank, Bici and fintech is something more recent for the show, like 2017, after where Blocks Game, and it became my passion and well, we're going to continue with everything, my friend, with you. Thank you very much, Roberto. It's a pleasure to be with you. My name is Arnold Dos Reyes and I'm the Vice President of Digital Alliances at Visas. We are the world's largest international electronic payments network and our
Mission is to connect people, businesses, governments and institutions to move value through our electronic network. I've been with Visas for exactly four years. I came to Visas through an entrepreneurial venture and an investment I made in a company called Abra. Now, in 2015 2016 we're creating a wallet specifically to focus on solving certain problems for consumers in emerging markets, primarily Latin America and Asia Pacific. Before that, almost six years ago, I was at PayPal in the emerging markets team and then responsible for expanding Visas to Latin America in more than 20 markets, developing products, strategies and alliances. My career has been primarily in financial services, very focused
On emerging markets, mainly Latin America. I've also worked in payment networks like Mastercard and prior to that, I began my career Investment brand. The team is taking time to lower criticism, but is very focused on Latin America and some markets in the US and Europe, and it's a pleasure to be with you today. I think what's happening in Latin America- at least in my professional career- I've never seen so much enthusiasm, so much investment and so much talent, not to mention some truly incredible companies in our region. Thank you for inviting me, Gases del Toldo, and well, continuing, Jose, with you. Good morning, good afternoon. Where are you? Thank you, and it's a pleasure to be here today. My name is: Thank you and it's a pleasure to be here today. My name is Jose Luis Nu ez I've been in
The Pitt arena for 16 years exporting for international e-commerce companies. Today I'm the Vice President of Sales for Wire and our company focuses on financial infrastructure and AFIS, which means putting developers and entrepreneurs with block change projects, equipment purchases, payment methods and value movements. Thank you very much and it's a pleasure to be here today. Wonderful thank you, I mean from Ruben with you. Hello everyone, how are you And thank you for having me here on this panel. I'm excited to be able to specify, Jamie, how you can use this technology to solve people's financial problems in the world. It's a. The problem is that I've had the honor of actively
Trying to solve it For six years now, working well with him. He kept starting from scratch back when the Cohen beat cost 200 For me it's been a gigantic personal and technical transformation, and not just inert. But the industry is a super exciting time because, well now, those of us who provide services on top of the technology that exists right now are perhaps the first to bring access to it to the people who need it. But the change is coming en masse and that's a giant network effect that's pushing us, not pushing anyone, it's
Pushing everyone. So it's a great time to start taking the last minute to start doing something, because later it'll be too late for the party, right? But anyway it's a be too late for the party, right, But anyway it's a pleasure to be here and to talk to you about someone who has a dollar account that people in Latin America can use to save, make international payments and receive payments, buy things, invest, but well, it's practical, thank you, and if you still have the 200 Obito Coin, I'll buy it for 250 So we can Speaking after the presentation. But to do it I generated this summer. I was selling them, selling a thousand because you have to raise the price. A good day today. What a marvel, Cesar. Last but not least, please
Hello everyone. Good day, and I appreciate the invitation to this panel Speaking of health. The reason for being is to signify business to business relationships, as I like to call them, and in recent years, we have been focused, through the corporate card product, making an impact on small and medium sized businesses and startups, to be able to facilitate the way and revolve above all in which different types of payments are made. Part of what we seek is, through the technological power, to offer this platform, in which we use several components that we will talk about throughout this session: artificial intelligence, blogging, of course- and in the end, what we bring is a value proposition that seeks to
Maximize time, especially in this era of hyper connectivity in which we seek to do everything very quickly, a matter of haste and constant evolution. Briefly speaking about myself, from the leap to the decent part. I have been working for the last 18 years in the area of technology the Vittek space- and I see this Boom, what Arnaldo described in the region and especially how each country is absorbing a bit of the dye in the consumption and business sectors. It was- how would I say, a game changer for Pay, because I have to get on board with that, Hugo, which is moving very, very fast and in which a lot of
Change can be done through innovation to the benefit of simplifying operations and, above all, the lives of everyone here. Wonderful, Well said. Thank you very much. So now I'm going to close the screen here and let's go to our talk page. Of course, just one piece of information. Sheryl is with us and, closer to the end of the panel, we have a surprise, some very important information for everyone with us today regarding Startup Weekend, which takes place next week. So this will stay with us until the end because it's important information. Well, from my side, I have some questions here, but it's a very informal panel and I'd like all the participants to join in, to
Add comments and questions as well, So we can begin. I have six questions here that are grouped under: the fintech landscape in Latin America, the click route and how we, each of you, brought yourselves here today and for your companies. And finally, some advice and suggestions for those who are starting out in fintech and Latin America. To begin, I'd like, Rub n to ask you perhaps the first question about Latin America as a whole, about your experience, not only with your company, but since the arrival of fintech: what do you think are the main financial technologies that are growing in Latin America? Yes, and why? Why do you think these technologies are growing in our region? Well, you see, I
Think that in Latin America, as in the rest of the world, we have become accustomed over the last 20 years to the fact that the products we consume are increasingly focused on us as consumers, so much so that your experience on your Instagram feed is very different from mine. Yes, friends, your Instagram feed wouldn't be relevant to me, and I think that concept has permeated the whole world. In every industry that exists, we, as consumers, are currently expecting products that don't exactly suit us, and that, well, it was
Born with the internet and the entrepreneurs who were born with the internet, given that it was very easy to send a new, more refined version of a product to their users, They are basically looking to create the exact product for the exact person, and I think that has reached finance. I think there is a lot of technology that allows many companies to offer financial products on the internet. Thanks to this entrepreneurial dynamic where you are always looking to give the best exact product to the customer, there are now many alternatives of financial products that are hyper- targeted to specific consumers, and this will cause an abandonment of
Financial institutions that, for a very long time, offered a very generic product. I'm not saying they are bad, but I am saying that, thanks to this advent and this kind of convergence of premises, there will be financial products and services focused on niches that would otherwise be served by a provider that didn't speak exactly to you. Millennial, impactful startup company that needs A cooler card than the one the SOFOM in Mexico gives you, or we have a more suitable account for you. Latin American freelancer: you like gaming, you get paid with PayPal.
And in Mexico, well, that's why there were so many. applications for the fintech law, because there are many types of markets in niche markets, to whom you can give a very suitable product and make a great business by achieving that There isn't a million clients in a bank. Well then, lending to a million people. World Davis- you know, I'm sure we're going to continue expanding throughout the region. There will be more John Bond Link, more financial services with more options that are personalized locally, or rather manage to create an offer that is- much more suited to specific needs, and I think we're going to see that not only throughout the region, but across the entire range of financial services that exist for companies and people:
Perfect. Well, I think this is a very important point for our talk today, because Unbond Link is allowing new technologies to be used for specific cases and uses in finance and because before, we had like the solutions Grouped by banks and the experience for remittances. That's what the work is doing with the cards for the 'semi'? It was something that was very widespread, and so I think that, above the 'bund' link, it's also creating an opportunity for innovation in each of the verticals. And at this point, Arnold, you have a privileged vision because you see the corporate side, but also the side of Elvis Are Dangers, and I mean in this, the side of Elvis Are Dangers, and I mean in this emergence of new financial technologies with Conan, Bund Link and HyperFockers, as Rub n
Mentioned. I 've seen the investments in NATO funds following a specific area or trend And if there's any projection of where these funds are going to migrate in the near future, where they will be in the world, undoubtedly, I think there are certain macro factors in Latin America that are in our favor, and there are regions like Southeast Asia Pacific that also have certain similarities. We have a market with more than 650 million people, most of whom are in quotes, young people- being able to access a smartphone. That is becoming something every day More accessible in terms of price and development programs and, at the same time, we have
Financial services from traditional players, which is an extremely profitable business, but, at the same time, it's a business where three, four or five institutions in a country control 70 or 80 percent of the banking market. So I think that at a macro level, when you step back a bit and see these dynamics, you say, well, there's an opportunity to offer the most basic financial services simply in a much better way and with a much better experience than what we've been seeing. So, from the investors' perspective, both Flequillo Ex and Vista, but also many of our investors are Valen Cuide, etc. We invest with schools. There's an immense appetite there because, despite what we read in the centers that they deny that Plaza So and so is raising more money.
All these investment rounds are excellent, but they still don't represent, in my opinion, even 10% of the opportunity in Latin America. In my opinion, there is a market that you could see in Newark, given its size and what we've seen, and I would say, mainly in the last 24 months. One thing is that there are mainly in the last 24 months. One thing is that there are more crisis activities. They'll cut us off Choca, but it's entering a bit more aggressively. Traditionally it's the Vista type companies, but we're also seeing Latin American companies that aren't in financial services. Some are not very large soda bottlers that are making investments in digital wallets, and we saw this case with Conecta in Mexico, where the first big investor was Oxxo, and through the Gente group. So we're seeing more activity from the difficult side and from traditional funds. What's
Interesting that we're seeing now is that there's a group of funds that have traditionally been what they call rose colored funds, which are funds that mainly enter growth rounds, series, etc. By Tim Cairo, etc. And these funds are now sometimes getting involved in the rounds- if not today, the 'tie break' and vice to be able to have a position in these companies. So we're seeing- which for me is excellent- liquidity, because I've never seen- at least in my career- I tell you many friends have n't- And the verticals that we're seeing of great interest. One is infrastructure. Nowadays it's not very easy to enable a
Program, say for cards in Mexico and verify it A very easy way in Brazil, and then launching that infrastructure in Colombia. Shouldn't be the case. If there's demand, It increases, and there are companies that have already raised rounds and others that are in the process. All the issues of Cristo, I think, more recently with the benefits of the disc market in Del Viso, which melted two weeks ago. I think there's a very big opportunity there, particularly with stablecoins, all the solutions around USD DC and other very attractive solutions, And then in the area of basic financial services, I mean being able to make a payment online, not being able to buy or eat without a credit card, and being able to get a consumer loan for basic services that are currently offered by
Traditional players but whose experiences are perhaps not the best. So we are very active in the sector. Today, we have a portfolio of five companies in the process of being established, with several more, and we are investing in banking as a service, acquiring or issues of how we grow, merchant acceptance in the region, processors, issuers, many related infrastructures, and so I think we are going to see much more traction from large investors, funds and the same, You see, a talent that we're seeing today incredible talent emerging from companies like Braf and Uber Latin America, from Strike and, at a good time, The New Band, etc. So I think the dynamics are there to start businesses, without a doubt.
Well, wonderful also for me, who hasn't been in Latin America for a few years, to hear this from someone who's closer, because it makes me happy that we have this liquidity, this opportunity. He spoke, and I think the categories he mentioned will be in our talk today as well. For example, the infrastructure, the volume that we're doing to scale. We're talking a lot about crypto infrastructure, going to companies that today provide custody or similar services To see if making a deposit in the US or other countries is almost a million dollars in investment in Latin America- also a considerable amount. So it's very close to our perception. And that's it, Carlos. Thank you very much. And, continuing with this, a little more on investments: Have you made any very recent contributions and have you done so in an
Innovative way? Yes, so can you talk a little bit about that From your company's experience as a startup fundraising in Latin America? And if this investment came from Latin America, the funds were given more from other regions, very gladly. At the end of the day, there's an interesting figure to consider: the population of Latin America is 650 million people, which translates into 650 million possibilities. So Frayba has been investing in its own platform and now, in our last investment round, we worked with various players in the sector, a combination of players in North America and also in
The region, precisely because the possibilities seen here are quite extensive. We're talking about a place where there's a need to have this mechanism to be able to launch businesses, especially at this point where we talk about and I think it's been mentioned the moment to be a founder. So it's about giving these founders the possibilities, the tools to be able to have financial inclusion, And here the point is okay, company after company sees that they are making these connections. So what means do we put at their disposal to be able to achieve this objective. And through this, it's basically the spirit I bring to the search, and we've been working hard with these investors on this mission to empower companies and, more
Importantly, to facilitate I'll tell you their lifecycle, especially when we talk about tasks that are sometimes part of everyday life, like simplifying the payroll cycle, being able to make transfers in a matter of minutes or- well, if we go to technological precision- seconds- Not having that competitive advantage that helps preserve this issue of speed today we sometimes talk about how technology can cause disruption and change and applied to Findeter in particular, we see this new era of connecting services not because we still have a legacy environment and a new one, and now a new way is emerging that will allow us to have a means to
Accelerate. Perfect- And you mentioned that well, part of the funding, while in North America, part of the Latin American region- and I think an interesting intersection on the topic of our panel finance and also the discussion of funding rounds in Latin America- is that you also innovated in the way you do the round. New technologies will be used for this. Can you talk about A little bit of that too? In the end, there's an interesting component in the dye part right, And it's in this era where everything is a service. Now we're playing hard with the banking as a service aspect and enabling platforms that allow us to interconnect, especially to accelerate the last transaction. This greatly simplifies
Operations, and we're also introducing how to accelerate payments. The famous PP professor has been a key issue for us, and all of this is empowered by allowing our clients to apply for a line of credit in a matter of minutes. This is where we have a certain strong area of the path, because we leverage artificial intelligence to have a model that includes growth vectors. It's not a bit about renting the status quo- and saying what we can do to be a strong partner for these companies and, above
All, help them catalyze simplicity in their operations. In addition to this, there's the issue of expense management and also integrations with accounting platforms, which are again the area in the banking as a accounting platforms, which are again the area in the banking as a service era. Having this information close to real time and the new result in a matter of seconds, Being able to be aligned- okay, what is the intelligence on the money coming in, but also the money going out, and ultimately being able to analyze what these trends are, especially where I'm seeing more, what my needs are and, from there, work with other departments that contribute great value to the company Edith, but, above all, you
Can decide to donate less because of something that is the data aspect, because here, in this new era, it is a very strong lever for all of us where information helps us make better decisions. Perfect. I asked that question because I know a little about the products you bring today. You started with products that perhaps, looking from the outside, seem like normal banking products, like a loan or a line of credit or a credit card, but you get closer to understanding how it works. You are using Block Cheyne and you are using this to enable, in exchange for senders, the price speed, better analytics to improve it. So do you think it connects a little with what Rub n and I were talking about? And to finish, the super spotlights and how to improve the help experience and using new
Technologies. Sometimes you use products that already exist, but they exist in a different format That it wasn't addressing some of the population's follow ups like, for example, fintechs and startups, and CCO believes that. So here's a message for those who are with us about the possibility of reinventing existing products with other existing technologies, like blogs themselves. And the last question for this section. I'm going to leave it open for anyone who wants to talk about it, but I won't, because it was very strong for me that we have room for 45, 90, or 45 Mercado Pagos or similar platforms, and I wonder a bit why we aren't there yet. I mean, it's already being taken for granted that we're at. I wonder a bit why we aren't there yet. I mean it's already being taken for granted that we're at the forefront of the fintech revolution, a club that perhaps falls short, or that we're lacking to reach its full potential. So if anyone
Has an opinion, a point they'd like to bring up, well, I do n't know what other evidence there could be that there is going to be or is a fintech revolution. It 's imminent. You know, There's a beastly amount of money flowing into the space. There are 15 alternative financial products that are competing for your attention all day. On Instagram. The think it" means that you and I think it's going to be a somewhat painful change because right now the market is a bit closed. I do n't think we can expect anything different
From a similar action or reaction to what the taxi drivers had when Uber came in, And I think the taxis in this case are much more powerful than the taxis and the unions they have, who nevertheless managed to make certain changes and have managed to slow things down in several cities. And I think that the banks, which have a lot of economic interests, are going to protect their motorcycles, just like I would, because I'm an executive who has a company I have. Well, the game, because I'm not going to do anything but protect what's mine, you know. And I say I 'm very capitalist? For me, anything goes, I mean as long as it's 'm very capitalist for me, anything goes, I mean as long as it's ethical and moral. But if it's a way- a license, you take advantage of it. That's how. If it's a way- a license, you take advantage of it. That's how I'm looking for the license, because it's going to be another way and I know they're
Not going to. Let me do certain things, because these Delmonte guys, the banks, we're also going to do things with the banks and if it becomes a case like Venezuela, well, if there are cases like That person who also serves in those places, anything goes. And I think we have to work together and support our friends at Vista Estelar because, in a way, you have a key: you can give a person in a country a card with which they can spend their money. It's a super powerful channel and Visa has to decide if it wants to be on the team of innovation, inclusion and progress, or if it wants to help the banks save their money.
And I think it's a question for more, because I think there's a lot of infrastructure that doesn't depend on banks. It's there for the banks, which can also be used by Intex, so that Intex can offer financial services. And this is gay and P rez can either not conspire or they can join the fight for financial freedom, and Biz is a very clear example, because they're right there in the middle, But, for example, Kaká or Page weren't allowed to operate in Mexico anymore. So now you're going to see everyone going directly with Visa to launch their programs or with a sponsoring bank. But the question here for Visa is: what do you think? Which side are you going to take? And what I say is to be side are you going to take? And what I say is to be careful, I'm going to knock on your door on Monday, Arnoldo, neutral, because under
Clause 27, article 2 of our rules, your company is mentioned in the panel and has priority of response. So no, there's no problem. Actually, Vista is in a very interesting position. We're literally sitting in the middle of several ecosystems. Not traditionally, if you know our history. It started with a consortium of banks in the US, But I would say that although today most of the payment network business, not just Vista but other payment networks- comes from a relatively simple business not very complex technologies, but very simple- You have members who are licensed for these networks. They partner with the networks and these members today are mostly banks and they issue or distribute Vista payment credentials with any other brand And our role is basically to
Ensure that the flow of money between those parties— the banks, the acquirers, the merchants, the consumers— occurs And at the end of the day, that's Visa's technology. And what we 've done in recent years is issue primary licenses to FinText, like FinText You paint, so that they are another member of Vista, not at the same time. Today you have companies that are based in Latin America, that are already major members, just like a bank, and they can transact, they can consume Vista products, etc. But historically I would say that companies and other payment methods have been grouped with banks because the business model comes from there. I think there is
A regulatory issue that we also have to deal with, just like the dyes. I'm not going to get into specific cases, but to say issues with cacao, it's a decision of the CNV or the other regulators, not Vista's decision. Rather, we have a strategic alliance with cacao and many others because they help us, enable Exintex and in many cases they help these farms to issue, say, a prepaid credit or debit card in a fairly agile way. So I believe that our position is and will continue to be how we contribute to the growth of the ecosystem and, at the end of the day, our philosophy is that the and, at the end of the day, our philosophy is that the consumer will choose the best product, whether it's
A card from a Mexican bank or any other country. And we, What we've been doing- let's call it through a program we call Central CAFTA, which involves thinking with Axtel, Victor Red, and through Angers' view- is to help the ecosystem grow When money moves through Visa networks. This money may have been generated by payments made by card players or traditional banks, But I do think there's a lot of work to be done in the region, because some markets, some countries, say they're driving innovation, but at the same time, you see and say, Well you say you're driving innovation, but the regulations don't allow for anything that can be done". And part of our role is precisely to educate regulators, from what cryptocurrencies are and what
Browsing is to how a VILLA ONION works, because they are relatively new models within the ecosystem. But today it's an effort that doesn't just exist. I think the rest of the payment networks that we're trying to streamline today are also involved, And the point is not whether we're on the side of the numbers, side of the banks or on the side of the numbers. I think it's that we're in the middle and the business model Rather. It feeds and grows as more companies go towards what it does: managing products, seen from other networks. In general, the ecosystem grows not necessarily by taking the side of a personality and, Arnoldo, you don't feel like I'm attacking, but you clearly see it Applause pushing the technology, and you're on this
Panel talking with those on this side and those from Bring Dance and those from Wire or Serpents. Clearly you are pushing for that, but my question is how- and no, I don't know much about the integration that Visa Stellar is doing- but could it be that a client can spend their money in their World directly on Visa and Visa receives, for example, some in exchange for that money they are going to spend, or will there always have to be a bank in between Visa and people who don't look at the more specific part of the written work, we will see that we have enabled
Settlement, which is the status of the transaction. In your case, it's different, so we have added WebBike. We have integrated the age of the 150 coins within the Visa ecosystem and so it has accepted players. They can settle directly on Vista Net with Diversity. We launched the Betia Club through an investment we made with the registration in the US, to offer any player in Latin America who wants to provide those services of buying, selling and storing Christ's coins to 13 Vista Delights. There are some things we are developing around energy and how to help people who are generating energy to market it. So I think, at the end of the day, it's not necessarily about ensuring there's always an intermediary. It's about how we can move value,
As long as it's safe and reliable. And all that because there's one thing we know: the most intimate thing for a person is their money, or for a company. So I think there's still a lot to be done Right now. The philosophy was: what we're doing now is to eliminate intermediaries, not person to person or whatever, And so I think eventually we're going to find use cases where there's no reason to have two or three intermediaries. That's not necessarily what it's about, but, to be honest, it's great because many tasks are relatively new for payment networks. Yes, I think this discussion connects very well to the question because Maybe it's in the middle. Yes, I mean, I see how Rub n spoke about whether it's ethical or correct to use it in the
Capitalist game, and he believes that Visa has interests in maintaining the 'Big Ben' XXXII and they continue to use Visas, but they have the possibility of bringing startup technology to the levels and also bringing non credit access cards for the 21st century. So what we were looking at is that the university competition is an initial opportunity for and other estimated coins in other currencies, like the yen, Bridgetown euro and things like that, If you want an option to delve deeper into other geographies, where, for the prescribers first, this is much more natural than going through a bank and having more costs. And so I think there's like Roberto, excuse me just one question- what you're saying and, given that the panel is from Latin America, is there currently a product you're interested in creating,
Obviously over time, to give that same access to those Visa accounts that are connected to you, yes, to people throughout the Latin American region, Giving them plastic cards with which they can spend their money, and in any country like this. I imagine the answer is yes, of course. We're even seeing a use case in Latin America today with marketplaces, and so wallets in certain markets will be able to receive those payments directly to the wallet. A user decides and will have a payment credential, whether the company wants it digital or physical, and this person automatically receives this payment in their wallet. It pushes it to a Vista credential, whether it's digital
Or physical. So there are use cases that we are already working on in this sense. The other opportunity is international promises. When you think of iurgi, you can think of iurgi. Payments between the international sales version, but also domestic goals within Latin America, where there are countless cases. I would rather talk about which use case you would be interested in building, because my team is leading these issues and the more abuse cases we raise, the better for us. We are Vista customers and we are very happy because we have a prepaid card that we can use to spend our money Over time. But obviously there are many improvements that can be made to the product and there's networking, Roberts, but it's incredible that you're here representing
A company with so much power in this battle and battle, because I think we're all doing something to help people have better financial prospects. I agree, and I have a somewhat interesting role, not because I 'm involved in and pushing all these initiatives, but at the same time, I sit on the board of several Syntex companies and I come to this world, so I also have this field of influence. And it's interesting because the dynamics are: sometimes you can gain an advantage, but the point is to be able to open the advantage, but the point is to be able to open the ecosystem as much as possible. And, gentlemen, we're here like on the final time channel. We have a question that comes into the chat and Roger Rengifo asks: Could it be done so that, through a Visa card, a person can buy
A token on the bot network list". Then Roger Olori says: Yes it's already possible today. Some tokens that are connected to this, to the RACC set on Visa and Mastercard through third parties like PaySimple to withdraw and others", And so here it's believed that these are a wallet where they can buy. The 'Stable' currency also uses them and tokens that have been using a credit card. But Carnoedo mentioned here to Rub n that one of the things they are working on with Visa is the fast track to issue a Visa card for the cards which also serves the interest, not only to allow people to buy and hold crypto assets using the card, but also for the company that issues the card to settle the balance using another digital currency. Yes, because there we have a described ecosystem. Otherwise, there's no need to
Go through banks and fees and it takes from one or two days. So the answer, what do you think? Is that we have something like that, Well, before I go over to him and talk a little bit about startups, I think I'm going to ask a final question here for the panel, and I'm left with the truth that time goes by very quickly when we have such an interesting topic. We have, I think, entrepreneurs and people who are starting their projects in the group. Do you have any advice or final comments from your side for them, who are starting their startups? The bed, and I think many positive words were spoken today, as you say, about the pound and the ERC now existing. As Rub n spoke to José, to you too. No, I don't talk much because of it. If possible, start perhaps with some thought of yours and then I open it for us, then I put it on the screen for him and
Absolutely for me. And, as he said, Wire also bet that the winning play was in supporting the community of developers and entrepreneurs with the crisis invoices and technological tools and licenses to build the companies of the financial future with blogging projects, buying clips, coins which are wallets, described stablecoins. They mentioned stablecoins with Sidor. It is exactly the work we are doing: to be able to buy those stablecoins with a Visa card payments, final value movement- a very important part of building our network and it is working very closely with the Ibiza Council, the Latin American ecosystem and the rest of the world. So for us it is exactly the bet we made. It is to be able to support those who are starting to build the companies of the financial future.
I like this advice. It also came out with an idea- we are also clients of Jose's company and waiting and visas. I think The best advice I could give someone in the dyeing industry who wants to start a business, is to take a moment and think about which financial service they don't like, how it's being offered, whatever it, and then take that step and say, How can I do it better? How much better can I do it", And if being good, well God knows. It's better to earn a 30% margin on what I'm selling,
Start a company and then explore what technology is out there to solve those problems and create a product tailored to a specific problem, an offer that isn't personalized. It's like saying, This is like I 'm using Windows XP, but we have to use different versions" will be the node. Maybe there will be some downside to the question of entrepreneurship with crowdsourcing. So I think, when Rub n talks about some experiences that weren't good, but at least for that he emigrated from Latin America to Canada when he was young and the process of sending cash here was terrible- Yes, so I think TransferWay was the first one
I used, besides the banks, because they are my best experience, and today I have 10 TransferWise accounts to use, many of them from Latin America. As I said, they are doing a very good job in Mexico. So I think that connects with your question. Well, gentlemen, let's turn up the screen so he can talk a little bit about Startup Weekend, and I'd like to close my part by thanking you all very much for your time, your sincerity, the uniqueness of your answers and your ideas, or how you inspire entrepreneurs here in Latin America to make the region grow faster, so that we can understand the leadership position. So, thank you all very much and I hope to speak to you again soon. Well, he and I will thank you all very much. Thank you very much,
Roberto. And well, I am Eloy Becerril. I am the regional manager for Latin America of the community programs in Texts and I also want to give you an additional piece of advice from the panelists, which is to start your own business right now. Go ahead and panelists, which is to start your own business right now. Go ahead and participate in the next Texts Weekend in blogs, link with Visas and with Stellar. We're currently developing this project, this great event, so that all the ideas discussed in this panel and many other financial problems that need solving in the region can be brought together with people from all over Latin America who are also interested in entrepreneurship, blogging and giving finance a different perspective. We'll be
Working over a weekend where you can take your idea a step further to a prototype, to a validated model. We'll have a fantastic group of mentors and judges during this weekend who will surely help you connect and learn a great deal. If you want to skip to the next slide, Robert, it's a completely immersive and 100% online experience. On day one, you'll share your idea with the entire group of participants, and these multidisciplinary teams will be formed with people from different parts of Latin America. To give you an idea. We already have people registered from Mexico, Argentina, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador and even some Spanish speaking friends in Spain, So we're really connecting the
Spanish speaking community to the wider community. Latin American women are getting down to work and transforming finance in Latin America. With Block Sing On Saturday, the 2nd, we have a phenomenal group of industry experts who have worked in different startups and financial organizations across Latin America and who also lead Block Change communities in the region. They will be your also lead Block Change communities in the region. They will be your mentors, guiding you through the day to create a prototype and a business model that makes sense, as the panelists discussed. Finally, on Sunday the 3rd, you will present everything you built over the weekend in a pitch format to a jury. Thanks to Avisa and the Measurement program, we will have
Special prizes and, if that weren't enough, all the money raised from ticket sales will go to Laboratorio Punto de Lea, a non-profit organization that seeks to bring greater diversity and opportunities for women in Latin America so they can continue developing by learning to program. So it's an event with many positive aspects. It's a great opportunity, as they already mentioned, to Entrepreneurship in Latin America. Continues this momentum to transform finance in the region. This event will take place next weekend from October 15th to 17th, 100% online for everyone in Latin America. The page is sw blog change latam dot 0. For joining us at this event, you have a special 50% discount
Code: sw l 50. We hope you can discount this event with people in your community and join us next weekend starting October 15th. Thank you so much for making this happen. It's a privilege to promote this initiative and encourage everyone participating here to join the event. So thank you again to the panelists and everyone who joined us. I'll stay a few minutes to answer some questions in the chat, but that's all for today. Thank God, and have a great rest of the week.